An E-Rank Hunter volunteered
to be a porter in an A-Rank dungeon?
He doesn't have multiple lives to waste.
What is he thinking?
Right, I saw him yesterday standing
in front of the Boss Room with a weapon.
He's suspicious.
I'm going in to take a look.
Eh?
Did anything happen inside?
No, it's just a personal business.
There's no need to worry.
Ah.
Sorry.
Could I borrow a weapon?
Eh?
Hmm...
Umm...
Do you have anything besides this?
Like swords or spears?
We don't have that kind of stuff here.
Otherwise,
it's just an iron shovel or crowbar.
Then never mind.
I'll just go in.
Hunter Cha.
Are you sure you'll go in empty-handed?
This is better than going in unarmed.
Then I'm going.
SOLO LEVELING SEASON 2
-ARISE FROM THE SHADOW-
So many of them.
If these High Orcs were to go outside...
They could easily raze cities
to the ground.
Especially those four.
Compared with the others,
their aura is completely different.
Our mission is to close the Gate.
We must defeat the Dungeon Boss here.
Are you fearing me?
Humans?
What was that?
It possesses tremendous magic power...
Compared to that thing,
I'm simply a third-rate Mage...
W-Why did you bring us here?
You are the entertainment.
Eh?
I want to kill you off one by one,
torment, and devour you
to entertain my soldiers.
Entertainment?
Our resolve is merely entertainment to it.
To them, our lives...
...are just toys to be discarded?
Oh?
Among those humans,
something strange sneaked in them.
But that's fine.
Everyone, attack!
Hymn of Protection.
What a fool.
Gravitation Magic.
Gravity Acceleration.
Captain!
Kihoon...
Captain Son.
This dungeon belonged to Hunters.
So I'm not supposed to interfere.
But, now the entire
assault team is in danger.
I only ask you one thing.
Can you leave all
the magic beasts here to me?
Please...
How arrogant.
I know your strength.
Indeed.
It's my first time feeling
such a strong presence.
Of course.
It's just a pity that
we are naturally opposed.
Of course.
I will defeat you.
Huh?
Surveillance Department?
What's Surveillance Department doing here?
How would I know?
Someone needs to call the leader over.
Why does he work as a miner here?
And for two consecutive days?
May I ask what brings you here?
Do you know where Hunter Sung Jinwoo is?
Sung?
I knew it!
Something is wrong with that guy!
He stared at me with those scary looks!
I thought he was about to kill me!
So where is Hunter Sung?
He's in the Gate now.
The assault team had no porters,
so he went in to help.
Porter?
Yes.
- A porter after a miner?
- That must be an excuse.
- That guy must be up to something.
- After becoming an S-Rank Hunter,
- Maybe he's killed
- everything he does
- someone inside.
- is under surveillance.
- He could kill without batting an eye.
- I wish he would be conscious of his actions.
- His gaze is terrifying.
- Um, may I ask...
- He must have killed people before!
Watch the news tomorrow.
You should understand then.
News?!
- But just now, Hunter Cha
- Who cares about the darn news?!
- asked the same question as you.
- Just arrest him!
Hunter Cha?
What was that strange aura?!
I thought I was going to be torn apart.
Do the magic power test again.
Yes!
I need to hurry up.
I don't know how Kihoon's team
managed to kill so many High Orcs.
But if that power just now
came from the Dungeon Boss,
their lives are in danger.
How naive of you to confront my army
with your meager force!
You'll regret underestimating us.
Activate skill: Monarch's Domain.
This is a new job skill I learned after
reaching level 70 in Demon's Castle.
The Shadow Soldiers became stronger
after the battle at Demon's Castle.
What is going on?
Unbelievable...
I can only summon two at most.
Such ominous magic power from a human...
Go.
That move he just did...!
He's just like Vice Master...
Why would someone so strong
come here to work as a porter?
The infantry's strength
is equal to B-Rank Hunters.
Soldiers suffer destruction
four to five times to kill one High Orc.
I must reduce the number of orcs.
Hymn of the Fire Dragon.
Your soldiers are just useless puppets.
Don't be too arrogant.
Say that to yourself.
These soldiers can resurrect infinitely.
Hymn of Protection.
Accelerate.
Gravity Acceleration.
Gravitation Magic.
Accelerate.
Then,
I will keep destroying them
until your magic power runs out
and they are completely eradicated!
Hymn of the Blazing Fire.
Does it intend to keep me at bay
with its formidable magic power
and long-range large-area spells?
Alright.
I am eager to see how long you can last.
The results are out!
The strength of this A-Rank Gate is extremely
close to that of the S-Rank Gate.
Is there a mistake in detection?
Contact the Master of Hunters.
We will get ready to support
the assault team inside.
Y-Yes.
It seems both in number and strength,
my soldiers surpass yours.
Your magic power will run out
sooner or later.
Sooner or later?
What nonsense is that?
The true skill of Necromancer
begins only now.
Arise.
Huh?
You turned my soldiers into the undead...
Before long,
you too will become my shadow.
Of course,
you too.
Could it be that...
He is...
The lord...
In that case, then why am I...
Why am I here?
When I opened my eyes here,
the same command kept echoing in my mind.
Hunt humans.
The reason isn't important.
Just obey the command.
Go.
Eliminate those who stand in the way
and bring their corpses before me.
Equivalent to S-Rank Gate?
If the original detection
results were right,
Hunter Son Kihoon should
have been able to conquer it.
This was completely unexpected.
If the Gate has Dungeon Break,
the Jeju Island incident will happen again.
Fortunately, we still have time.
Mobilize all of
the Hunters' forces to that Gate.
An emergency assembly has been issued
to all A-Rank and above Hunters.
In the worst-case scenario,
maybe we'll have to ask White Tiger Guild
and Fiend Guild for support.
But then...
We can only do our best
to prevent it from worsening.
My generals are gaining the upper hand.
How can this be?
Let's go help them.
Yeah.
Hymn of Agony! Hymn of Blindness!
Audiences aren't allowed on stage.
I will make sure that your arrogant mouth
can never make a sound again.
Hymn of Slumber! Hymn of Lethargy!
Hymn of Blindness!
What?
It's a pity.
Poison and curses have no effect on me.
Hymn of Protection!
I will shatter your annoying shield.
What is going on here?
Did he summon...
...such a large group of soldiers?
Vice Master?
Why are you here?
How is he?
The captain is fine.
That's good.
What's the situation now?
To be honest, we're not too sure either...
You've really done it now!
Hymn of Rage! Hymn of Strengthening!
Hymn of Giants!
I will crush you like a bug!
Heck.
I don't like giants.
I have bad memories of them.
Hymn of the Fire Dragon!
Do you still think you can
go up against me?
Well.
Growing in size only makes you
a more obvious target.
How could a Mage without guards withstand
an assassin-type Hunter's attack?
Hymn of the Blazing Fire!
The dagger couldn't inflict damage, I see.
Then...
Chief Woo?
Is everyone okay?
I felt a strong magic power outside.
So I came in to support the assault team.
But it seems that was unnecessary.
Even the chief of
the Surveillance Department...
He must be a top-tier Fighter.
But he can even use summoning magic.
So this is the power of Hunter Sung...
Who is he?
You know him, right?
Only a little.
I don't know much.
From the moment the Mage lost his guards,
the outcome was already decided.
My body...
My body will not be destroyed!
Absolutely not!
YOU HAVE DEFEATED THE MASTER OF THE DUNGEON
The Boss was defeated, but it didn't
feel right to take all the items.
However, Shadow Extraction should be fine.
Arise.
You are much more docile
after turning into a shadow.
Name?
What was its name again?
Something like Kar...
Sorry, I forgot.
I'll just pick one for you.
Fang.
Your name will be Fang.
Elite Knight Rank?
I've never seen that Rank before.
The shadow extracted from
an A-Rank Dungeon Boss is amazing.
These High Orcs are also a major gain.
Hunter Sung Jinwoo.
Chief Woo!
I was so engrossed in extracting
that I didn't even notice him.
Mr. Sung.
Mr. Porter, what happened just now?
Umm...
How should I explain this?
We are Hunter Association Surveillance Team.
Hunter Sung Jinwoo,
who is in front of you,
is our Association's top secret.
We ask everyone present
to keep today's events confidential.
We will escort you out.
This is the best way to avoid trouble.
Hunter Sung has displayed the power of
an S-Rank Hunter to protect all of you.
Please cooperate,
so he can leave safely.
Please wait.
You possess such immense power.
I think you must have your own reasons.
I won't ask why you took
on the role of porter.
But...
Because of you,
we were able to survive.
On behalf of my team,
I express my gratitude.
Ah, right.
Here's your will.
Huh?
Then, let's get going.
- Ah...
- Vice Master.
Yes?
Why are you holding a pickaxe?
Huh?
Would he think I'm weird?
Who are you referring to?
Ah... No one...
I'm not referring to anyone.
Fortunately, everyone came back safely.
Having said that,
following the White Tiger Guild,
we also received his help.
He can summon a large number of soldiers.
His speed is equal to an assassin-type Hunter.
He even has the ability
to control dead magic beasts.
It's really hard to believe.
Hunter Son,
between Hunter Sung Jinwoo and me,
who do you think is stronger?
Raid missions are usually handled
by multiple Hunters doing their part,
complementing each other's weaknesses.
That's the common sense.
Master, if you're facing the most
difficult A-Rank dungeon,
could you deal with it alone?
No.
It seems that my title of
the Ultimate Hunter has become a joke.
Master!
I understand.
Please bring him over.
I will do my best.
Sir!
Sorry, I'm late.
How did the matter of the guild master go?
You have talked to your dad, right?
Sir...
To be honest, that thing...
- We're right outside
- That's really nice.
- the Hunter's Association now.
Actor Lee Minsung has awakened
- These people must have come to interview me.
- the power of a Hunter recently.
Lee Minsung, the man who has it all,
now possesses strength that
surpasses human capabilities, huh?
Well...
Doesn't feel bad.
SOLO LEVELING
EPISODE 18: DON'T LOOK DOWN ON MY GUYS
EPISODE 19: THE 10TH S-RANK HUNTER